subj: nbot
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj
subj: nbot
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj
subj: nbot
subj: you
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj-subj
subj: nbot
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj
subj: he
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj
subj: he
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj
subj: ben
verb: gidiyorum
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj-verb
subj: you
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj
subj: you
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj
subj: nbot
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj
subj: nbot
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj
subj: nbot
subj: you
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj-subj
subj: nbot
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj
subj: he
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj
subj: nbot
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj
subj: nbot
subj: you
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj-subj
subj: nbot
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj
subj: nbot
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj
subj: nbot
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj
subj: nbot
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj
subj: you
subj: nbot
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj-subj
subj: nbot
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj
subj: nbot
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj
subj: nbot
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj
subj: nbot
Yeni 1 kalıp öğrendim: -subj
